I have been given two plasmid sequence, so, using addgene plasmid map maker I can directly find out what are the components/protein is 
in it. From plasmid map, it was evident that it have 4 proteins and after doing BLAST following results were concluded. 
1. Interesting features/genes: - TEM beta lactamase gene as a ampicillin resistant marker gene
                               - lactose operon repressor gene
                               - red fluorescent gene
                               - green fluorescent gene
    PDB structure file is attached in this repository.
Primers are designed specific for GFP gene with 3' end ending with G/C 
2. Forward primer (19 nt) should be choosen from  5' CGCCGCAAACCCCGCCCCTGACAGGGCGGGGTTTCGCCGC 3'and reverse primer (19 nt) 
can chosen from any position in GFP gene region, typically fragment length should be around 700 nt. 
Difficulty I faced in this was how to design forward primer. Out of 40 nucleotide, 28 nt was already found in control plasmid sequence 
while remaining 12 nt, 6 on each end, was found in test plasmid only. So, if I cannot choose primer from middle of this sequence, it will 
be better to choose primer such that 3' end of primer is non binding to control plasmid sequence.  
   5' CAGGGCGGGGTTTCGCCGC 3' (forward primer) (sequence taken from 5'-3' strand, coding strand)
   5' CCATGCCATGTGTAATCCC 3' (reverse primer) (sequence taken from 3'-5' strand, non-coding strand)   
Further, did multiple sequence alignment to check if forward primer sequence is present in just expected region and reverse primer 
sequence is absent. Also, checked whether GC content is in between 40 to 60% (although for forward primer I didn't have any other option).
So, a band of size around 700 nt will be observed in agarose gel in case of cell colony containing test plasmid sequence, while in case of 
control plasmid there will be no band, apart from primer dimers.
3. From the plasmid map,
   5' CCTGATACAGAT 3' pTrcHis_rev_primer; pBAD_rev_primer
   5' GGTCCTTCTTGAGTTTGTAAC 3' GFP_F_primer
   5' GTTGTCCCAATTCTTGTTGAATTAGATGG 3' GFP_R_primer
4. Plasmid is designed possible to study role of lacI gene in lac operon, i.e., how it affects the expression level of lacZYA. 
5. i)  Ampicillin resistant marker gene and origin of replication is pBR322. Ampicillin should be used as an antibiotic for positive 
       selection.
  ii)  RFP and GFP is used a reporter protein here. Its signal can be measured by measuring the fluorescence intensity using flow 
       cytometry. (ref: https://link.springer.com/protocol/10.1007%2F978-1-4939-0799-1_3)
 iii)  placI is the inducible promoter used here. IPTG (analog of allolactose) can be used as an inducer chemical.
  iv)  A plot should be made between GFP/RFP signal level and IPTG concentration.
       When IPTG is present in system, then signal level of GFP/RFP should be very less, while when IPTG is absent or very less in system 
       then GFP/RFP signal level should be high.

                               
